It computes the inertial model of a bat-like robot capable of modulating wing kinematics by means of Shape Memory Alloy actuation.

FURTHER DETAILS ON MODELS IN guided-paper attached in the Downloads tab.

Main Files:
--SimulationFB.m: It contains the initialization files for running the simulation.
--Batbot\_SIM.mdl: Simulink file with 3D CAD. It computes open-loop inertial model.
--ControlTest.mdl: Simulink with closed-loop control of the bat robot.

The rest of the files corresponds to the dynamics toolbox of prof. Roy Featherstone:
http://royfeatherstone.org/spatial/v1/documentation.html

CAD files for the bat model, and files for kinematics computation of the bat robot (trajectory generation)

This simulator is composed by the following modules:

• Wing trajectory generator: It generates trajectory patterns (q ,q ̇ ,q ̈) for each joint of the wings at specified wingbeat frequency f. These patterns are similar to those shown in Figures 4.5 of guided-paper attached in Downloads tab

• Kinematics module: it places frames of references into the mechanical assembly of the robot. It also maps the wing trajectory patterns to the corresponding wing joint. Spatial operators for rotation and translation are calculated

￼• Dynamics: It contains the inertial model. It calculates the required torques (τ ) to produce the desired wing motion patterns (q , q ̇ , q ̈ ). Also, it calculates: the spatial inertial forces (FT) that are generated at the center of mass of the robot due to the motion of both wings. This allows for quantifying the influence of wing inertia for maneuvering. It uses the toolbox of prof. Roy Featherstone

• SMA actuation: It maps position commands for elbow and wrist rotation (q3) to output torque (τ3). The output torque is generated by calculating the required amount of input heating power to drive SMA strain to desired elbow rotation (q3)

• Mechanics module: It contains the mechanical assembly and properties of robot’s CAD exported directly from SolidWorks.